Readme.md, before:

# A Hubot-compatible Github API wrapper for Node.js #

[![Build Status]](http://travis-ci.org/iangreenleaf/githubot)

## Install ##

    npm install githubot

## Require ##

Use it in your Hubot script:

```coffeescript
module.exports = (robot) ->
  github = require('githubot')(robot)
```

Or use it on its own:

```coffeescript
github = require('githubot')
```

## Use ##

Make any call to the Github v3 API, get the parsed JSON response:

```coffeescript
github.get "https://api.github.com/users/iangreenleaf/gists", (gists) ->
  console.log gists[0].description

github.get "users/foo/repos", {type: "owner"}, (repos) ->
  console.log repos[0].url

data = { description: "A test gist", public: true, files: { "abc.txt": { content: "abcdefg" } } }
github.post "gists", data, (gist) ->
  console.log gist.url
```

## Authentication ##

If `process.env.HUBOT_GITHUB_TOKEN` is present, you're automatically authenticated. Sweet!

## Bespoke API access ##

Mostly a work in progress, but here's a taste of what I have in mind:

```coffeescript
gh.branches "foo/bar", (branches) ->
  console.log branches[0].name
```

## Helpful Hubot ##

Hubot will log errors if a request fails.

If `process.env.HUBOT_GITHUB_USER` is present, we can help you guess a repo's full name:

```coffeescript
github.qualified_repo "githubot" # => "iangreenleaf/githubot"
```

This will happen with the bespoke methods as well:

```coffeescript
gh.branches "githubot", (branches) ->
```

[Build Status]: https://secure.travis-ci.org/iangreenleaf/githubot.png?branch=master

Commit message:

Instructions for acquiring GitHub token, fixes #3

Readme.md, after:

# A Hubot-compatible Github API wrapper for Node.js #

[![Build Status]](http://travis-ci.org/iangreenleaf/githubot)

## Install ##

    npm install githubot

## Require ##

Use it in your Hubot script:

```coffeescript
module.exports = (robot) ->
  github = require('githubot')(robot)
```

Or use it on its own:

```coffeescript
github = require('githubot')
```

## Use ##

Make any call to the Github v3 API, get the parsed JSON response:

```coffeescript
github.get "https://api.github.com/users/iangreenleaf/gists", (gists) ->
  console.log gists[0].description

github.get "users/foo/repos", {type: "owner"}, (repos) ->
  console.log repos[0].url

data = { description: "A test gist", public: true, files: { "abc.txt": { content: "abcdefg" } } }
github.post "gists", data, (gist) ->
  console.log gist.url
```

## Authentication ##

If `process.env.HUBOT_GITHUB_TOKEN` is present, you're automatically authenticated. Sweet!

### Acquire a token ###

If you don't have a token yet, run this:

    curl -i https://api.github.com/authorizations -d '{"scopes":["repo"]}' -u "yourusername"

Enter your Github password when prompted. When you get a response, look for the "token" value.

## Bespoke API access ##

Mostly a work in progress, but here's a taste of what I have in mind:

```coffeescript
gh.branches "foo/bar", (branches) ->
  console.log branches[0].name
```

## Helpful Hubot ##

Hubot will log errors if a request fails.

If `process.env.HUBOT_GITHUB_USER` is present, we can help you guess a repo's full name:

```coffeescript
github.qualified_repo "githubot" # => "iangreenleaf/githubot"
```

This will happen with the bespoke methods as well:

```coffeescript
gh.branches "githubot", (branches) ->
```

[Build Status]: https://secure.travis-ci.org/iangreenleaf/githubot.png?branch=master
